listen so there's a lot of Christmas
movies on Netflix some with sequels some
with series some that are lying about
their staff but there was one that
caught my attention one that popped its
way to the top because it had exactly
what I've been looking for let me
explain
so Vanessa is a baker who gets accepted
into this Royal baking competition where
the winner not only gets a prize but
gets to make the cake for the royal
wedding however she doesn't want to go
because it's almost Christmas and she's
still acting all depressed because her
ex dumped her maybe it's time to move on
I talk about not breaking free she goes
out to the city where this magical guru
lets her know the ending of the movie
but then runs into her ex who's clearly
moved on I'm sure Paul mentioned me
actually no he didn't was he supposed to
do I know some girls who get peeved if
the barista gets their name wrong
imagine your ex nura lysing you out of
his mind and you met his mama she
decides to take out the competition
because it could be the start of
something new they fly over land in
Whoville where she sees the same dude
who knows the future and meets the
competition who she went to school with
they knew I had Talent
oh yeah like when you sauce professor
Kendall's berries she's on her way to
get another pan when what in the parents
trip you'll this casting is fantastic I
love how at no point in the thirteen
hour flight that she even look up with
the famous princess who she was
competing for it look like but after
they both realized he look like Vanessa
Hudgens they just go their separate ways
Corbin twos daughter then asked her
daddy why him and Vanessa have not had a
thing and he pretty much just goes and
so Princeton Vanessa's maid breaks down
to them how they're actually long
distant cousins fled the country after a
dalliance with a vulgar American
divorcee you're calling my Nana I hope I
won't be you I won't just switch places
with you get out I love how they're
never touching like we've all seen those
doppelganger tutorials on YouTube that
shows you how to do it yourself so it's
funny when a feature film is following
those exact same rules of not crossing
the line I'm not saying I'm expecting an
enemy or anything like that but a
Prometheus would have been cool watch me
I'll do the fingering after getting a
quick look at the body double fake
princes Vanessa gets a glimpse of her
new fake husband bad accent and all no
no not at all
you seem to keep standing at it oh I I
have a lazy eye
I like the hallmark of every corny movie
in my lifetime you know other things are
bound to get switched as well you're in
love with Edward and you're in love with
Kevin this wasn't supposed to happen
the princess falls in love with the
Baker because he's way more
down-to-earth and she's way more chill
the Baker falls in love with the prince
who she teaches to help those in need by
buying presents but then mark Rylan's
2.0 keeps popping up because he has a
hunch that something fishy is going on
and well he does come off as annoying
right he's supposed to be like the
comedic part of it he keeps getting the
bad end of the stick like this guy's
just doing his job he is the princes
right-hand man so you kind of need
people like him or else you know people
get Ned Stark the original two are able
to make it back for the competition
which they not only win the award for
but as they're getting it presented to
them I already got you they break down
what's going on to their mates and
princes Vanessa pretty much confesses
our undying affection to her boob I
suppose I found out I'm just a normal
girl and normal girls they fall in love
with normal boys that's one way of
calling him an extraordinary the real
Vanessa for whatever reason the science
to dip even though a royal prince is
asking for her hand I can't let you
Jesus Stacy Stacy wait
and just like the boys act this prince
rushes after her and if winning the gold
medal wasn't enough yeah they they
decide to work this out
Vanessa ends up getting her own shop
these two end up together and in the
biggest twist of events it turns out
that the Royal baking competition she
won ended up paying for her own wedding
so she practically designed her own
wedding cake thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm Pierce know your
thoughts I actually had a whole list of
like Christmas movies that people had
recommended me like nostalgic ones and I
was gonna do it hear us out with it but
I didn't have enough time since I was
traveling but there's a bunch that I
want to do for next year maybe a bunch
of like and I'll taking the holidays
into accounts and kind of like what I
did with the hocus pocus one so if
there's any Christmas ones you got a
whole year to recommend until next year
better than that I got a couple of other
videos that I may be working on right
now that I'll be sending out Pearson are
your thoughts on this any other ones for
the end of the year for 2018 that you
want me to cover as we get into the new
year I have a whole top ten coming a
whole pretty much 2018 breakdown that's
coming this way but I'm here to know
your thoughts what's the best Christmas
show movie on Netflix that other one I
know a lot of people be talking about
this one right here I saw it it's okay
I'm not gonna make a let me explain on
it even though some people asked cuz
honestly I think that the most
interesting part about it is how Netflix
has just been straight up lying about
the numbers that it's bringing in but
and efflux you do what you got to do
confusion are your thoughts down below
in the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you a copy of spring breakers